adding task to disable the search-collector (#2179)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: console/search.adoc

[#search-in-the-console]
= Search in the console

For {product-title}, search provides visibility into your Kubernetes resources across all of your clusters. Search indexes the Kubernetes resources and the relationships to other resources. You can create a `searchcustomization` custom resource (CR) to define the storage settings for search persistence if you want to change the storage class and storage size. 

[#search-components]
== Search components

The search architecture is composed of the following components:

* *Collector*: Watches the Kubernetes resources and creates an index. The `search-collector` computes relationships for resources within the cluster.

* *Aggregator*: Receives data from the collector and writes to a database. The `search-aggregator` watches resources in the hub cluster, computes multicluster relationships, and tracks the activity from connected collectors.

> * *Search API*: Provides access to the data in the search index, which enforces role-based access control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Search API*: Provides access to the data in the search index and enforces role-based access control. 
```

> Search is enabled by default. Search is also enabled when you provision or manually import a managed cluster. If you want to enable or disable search on your managed cluster, see link:../clusters/modify_endpoint.adoc#modifying-the-klusterlet-add-ons-settings-of-your-cluster[Modifying the klusterlet add-ons settings of your cluster] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search is enabled by default. Search is also enabled when you provision or manually import a managed cluster. If you want to disable search on your managed cluster, see link:../clusters/modify_endpoint.adoc#modifying-the-klusterlet-add-ons-settings-of-your-cluster[Modifying the klusterlet add-ons settings of your cluster] for more information.
```

> For {product-title}, search provides visibility into your resources across all of your clusters. Search uses Redisgraph, an in-memory database, to store the Kubernetes resources and the resource relationships. You can create a `searchcustomization` custom resource (CR) to define the storage settings for search persistence if you want to change the storage class and storage size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {product-title}, search provides visibility into your Kubernetes resources across all of your clusters. Search indexes the Kubernetes resources and the relationships to other resources. You can create a `searchcustomization` custom resource (CR) to define the storage settings for search persistence if you want to change the storage class and storage size. 
```

[#search-components]

> == Search components

Author: @jlpadilla myself and @SherinV thought it would be beneficial to add descriptions of the components that the customer might want to be aware. May you review and let me know your thoughts?

The search architecture is composed of the following components:

> * *Collector*: Collects Kubernetes resources and watches for updates. The `search-collector` computes relationships for resources within the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Collector*: Watches the Kubernetes resources and creates an index. The `search-collector` computes relationships for resources within the cluster.
```

> * *Aggregator*: Receives data from the collector and writes to RedisGraph. The `search-aggregator` watches resources in the hub cluster, computes multicluster relationships, and tracks the activity from connected collectors.

Reviewer: Replace "Redisgraph" with "database".  We are switching technologies in the near future so iit's better to keep iit generic.
```suggestion
* *Aggregator*: Receives data from the collector and writes to database. The `search-aggregator` watches resources in the hub cluster, computes multicluster relationships, and tracks the activity from connected collectors.
```

> * *Search API*: Provides access to the data in RedisGraph, which enforces role-based access control. 

Reviewer: Avoid using "Redisgraph".
```suggestion
* *Search API*: Provides access to the data in the search index, which enforces role-based access control. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we mention the other components like UI, operator etc? Maybe not the operator as it is mostly hidden from the user. I will defer to Jorge on the components list.

Reviewer: I think this is enough details for most users.

> Search is disabled by default. If you want to enable or disable search on your managed cluster, see link:../clusters/modify_endpoint.adoc#modifying-the-klusterlet-add-ons-settings-of-your-cluster[Modifying the klusterlet add-ons settings of your cluster] for more information.

Reviewer: This statement needs more clarification.
- In ACM, the downstream product, search is always enabled in the hub. However, in the upstream project (open-cluster-management) we have disabled search. I believe this documentation is written from the perspective of ACM, the downstream product.
- Search is also enabled when the user provisions  or manually imports a managed cluster.
- Only in the Edge scenario we are recommending to disable search because of the performance and resource requirements when managing a very large number of clusters.
